career connect-

Career Connect program, which equips 14-19 year olds with information, skills, and access to opportunities to make healthy transitions into adulthood. In the Career Connect program, DaD conducts career awareness workshops and runs short-term modules in English on communication skills, money management, and career guidance. They also provide access to internships, scholarships, vocational training and jobs. The program is delivered in two learning centers, based in Bangalore.

The Career Connect program also tracks the success of their young people in the program between the ages of 15 to 22 years old. DaD provides support for program participants as needed and ensures that they are all meaningfully engaged in education, placement, working, studying, or are pursuing vocational training.





Life Skill development program-

Life skill development program is a designed to deal especially with the child adversity. The program aims at preparing young people for the future that they are not aware of. If focuses on empowering the young from the vulnerable background.
It provides with the opportunity to learn 'Basic Computers' and building the confidence of the young students by giving them workshops on 'Spoken English'.


Last Mile Support- 

The program focuses on providing a platform to the child to so that he is finally able to stand on his own footsteps.
It provides them with the opportunities such as Internships, Scholorships and a variety of skill development workshops.
This program makes sure that the NGO has done all that it could to help the child the success and glory that it deserves.



Long Term Engagement Program-

Designed specially to keep track of the progress that the child makes after successfully completing any of the above three programs. Its focuses on the age group of 15-23 years and maintains a database that upholds the informaion of the current status of the student. The information related to student migration from one course to another or say from one state to another is done via the process of Manual phone calls or auto generated SMS facility which redirects the user to fill a form asking him to submit the details of his whereabouts.